If nobody speaks up, I will.
(Nina Parker)
Previously on "Love & Hip Hop
Hollywood The Reunion."
Are you guys engaged?
Yes, we are.
We're engaged.
Well, then where do we stand?
Do you want me to say that
we're together? No, we're not.
I want you to kick this (bleep)
out, and I'm getting back
in the bed--
I never said that.
I just did the best
that I could.
There's no manual to this.
You know my sex was good.
I'm not speaking on that.
He know he was (bleep)
for that (bleep).
My mother doesn't even
talk to me.
These mother(bleep) want
to sit here and judge me?
Don't defend these hoes.
You don't even have
a roof over your head.
We're not gonna
condone (bleep).
What's that, Rich?
Okay?
Damn!
Please don't make excuses,
ever, about being a mother!
I don't want to hear
anything that she has to say.
Who you talking to?
(all shouting)
Bitch, you are not
my child's mother.
Hey, hey!
Bitch, don't let this dress
fool you, bitch!
(Nina)
Where did Princess come from?
(Bleep) her!
(Nina Parker)
And tonight, on part two of
"Love & Hip Hop Hollywood
The Reunion"...
Whose ass did you beat, bitch?
'Cause you--
Hazel tried to shame me
for being gay.
(Hazel-E)
Eat that, bitch.
Bitch, you a (bleep) side ho.
I will (bleep) you up!
Try it!
What happened to you, honey?
You're on this stage
because of me.
At the end of the day, it's
about the mother(bleep) money.
(Bleep).
(sobbing)
(Moniece)
Why are you talking to me?
(Brandi) Because I'm a mother!
Who you talking to?
But you're not my son's mother!
(all shouting)
I will (bleep) you up!
Hey! Hey, hey!
(Bleep), bitch!
Don't let this dress
fool you, bitch.
Sit down, 'cause nobody's
gonna get to you through me
and I'm not gonna let--
(Rich)
Hey, yo, Mo.
Do not act like a punk
no more on this (bleep) stage.
You in New York.
Neither one of those
(bleep) nut jobs
are the mother of my child.
Let her have her thing.
(Moniece)
I have had enough!
Stupid-ass,
bum-ass bitches like her!
(Bleep) her!
(audience gasps)
No, no, no!
Bitch!
Say it to my mother(bleep)
face, ho!
Bitch!
(Bleep) you, bitch!
Move your mother--
You (bleep)
wicked-ass witch!
Marla, check your daughter,
'cause she won't--
Straight up,
I'm a grown woman.
Just relax, just relax,
just relax.
No!
(Marla)
No, no! No, no, no, no!
Where did Princess
come from?
(Marla)
Because I'm letting you know,
I got it.
(Nina)
All right, things
are getting very heated.
(all shouting)
(Bleep) you, bitch!
Try me, bitch!
You a bitch!
I'll (bleep) you up, ho!
I'm literally losing--
I'm losing my mind.
I can't deal
with this anymore.
Stop it.
I can't deal with this
kind of (bleep) anymore.
(sobbing)
Nobody was there
for me, nobody.
(Nia)
Moniece.
I don't want to see anybody,
I don't want to see anybody.
I don't want to see anybody!
You all right?
I'm just so
(bleep) mad.
Why?
Why you mad for?
Stop it.
Tell her to shut
the (bleep) up.
You don't (bleep)
know my struggle.
You don't know
what the (bleep) I been--
"I'm a mom every day!
I'm a mom every day!"
Bitch, you're a (bleep).
Why do you keep letting
that (bleep) make you mad?
'Cause she don't know you
from a (bleep) can of paint!
Stop being angered
by that (bleep), Mo!
That mother(bleep) don't know
you, don't know what you do,
don't know when you and Kam
go to the mother(bleep)
Chuck E. Cheese
and do what y'all do.
Don't know when
he at your house.
She owes America an apology,
'cause she angry at herself.
You not angry at me,
but you not gonna
punk me on camera.
I don't care
about the camera.
She's a (bleep) weak little
girl, she needs to grow up.
Stop giving away your power!
Now she,
in her mind,
she somewhere in the dressing
room acting like she good.
Mission accomplished.
You the one up here mad.
Right?
Right or wrong?
Right.
Stop it.
That (bleep) is so
bull(bleep) and frivolous.
We got way
bigger fish to fry.
Right.
Stop crying.
Give me a kiss.
I love you.
Knock it off,
you hear?
(Nina)
All right,
after taking a minute,
we're gonna jump right back in
to where we left off.
Okay, so I need to know,
you guys,
everything got really crazy.
What happened?
Does anybody want to--
Moniece, can you explain
from your point of view?
Mm-mmm.
Well, what happened was,
everybody was trying to,
you know, attack Moniece
about her motherhood,
which I think
is out of bounds.
I didn't attack Moniece
about nothing.
T.T., I commented on
motherhood, period,
because I'm a mother
and it hits home for me.
Okay, that's what
I was saying, so what--
So I was--
when I spoke,
when Nina asked me,
"Did you have something to say,"
I said, "This is not for her."
I was speaking in general,
because I take motherhood
so passionately.
It's the best thing
that ever happened in my life.
You know that.
Brandi, you just look--
I mean, you're shaking.
Do you-- what else is
upsetting you right now?
Nothing, I'm--
you know what, Nina?
I'm a good person,
I'm gonna be a good wife
to my husband,
and I'm gonna fall in line.
I'm gonna sit my ass here
and fall the (bleep) in line,
'cause I'm hot right now.
But I'm a lady,
and I'm God's child.
I'm a mother.
Like, for real.
(Marla)
Can I speak right here?
(Nina) Okay.
Out of respect for
every mother in this room,
Moniece has had
her struggles.
Everybody deals
with something.
It-- it is not the way that
I would have dealt with it,
but that is still
my daughter.
(Nina)
Right.
And so--
and I respect you ladies.
And so what I was saying is,
I'm never coming for anybody,
but I have to shield my child,
'cause at the end of the day,
I can't sit here
and watch somebody
jump on my daughter.
I get what you're saying.
Princess, you were like a ninja,
you came from the side.
What-- fast.
I barely saw you.
I have my own personal issues
with Moniece,
and I said I wasn't
gonna get physical,
but I got my girl's back
at the end of the day.
And I got your back
and that's that.
What are your issues
with Moniece?
She just has so much
to say about me and
I don't even know her.
Didn't Teairra
throw a drink at her?
So you just had--
took your opportunity?
I mean, it's either
gonna happen now
or after the show
or a week from now.
(Nina)
Moniece, I know that
you felt attacked.
I want to give you the floor.
Is there anything that you'd
like to address or clear up?
All right.
Teairra, do you feel like
your friend is being attacked?
I feel like everybody's coming
at her at once, absolutely.
Yeah.
(Nina) Okay.
(Teairra)
I feel like-- I was confused.
I'm still confused.
I don't know where you guys'
beef started, you know?
It just seems like everybody has
a different issue with Moniece.
And they're all attacking her
at once, and that's not cool.
(Nina)
Okay, I think it's
time to move on.
All right, now,
this season,
it got a little hard to tell
whether we were
in England or Hollywood,
because it seemed
like somebody
was always trying
to spill some tea.
Just watch.
Having worked with Hazel
because, you know,
she used to be
a publicist, so...
No, she didn't.
You know, like an intern,
somebody you find
off the Internet
that doesn't
have much to do,
so you get them to come
and work for you for free.
She took that and ran with it,
but she's not a publicist.
You're mad
'cause you've never
escalated to a high-end
blog that people--
(Jason)
Eat that, bitch.
That was really, really,
really a sucker-ass move.
But you weren't there.
It doesn't matter, you don't--
You weren't-- Listen...
I'm not gonna talk
to your Chihuahua.
Chihuahua?
Hold on, baby.
You-- you started
the (bleep) with Haze!
(Bleep).
You like water thrown on you?
Listen,
you can scream in here.
I'm gonna kill you online.
(cheering and applause)
All right, please welcome
Jason Lee to the stage.
Thank you.
I know that you claim to be
a well-known blogger,
but there are a lot of--
Boo! Let's boo
that (bleep).
He ain't no
well-known blogger.
"Just 'cause you take
a picture with Lauryn Hill
don't make you a Fugee."
Just 'cause you write
celebrity news
does not make you
a journalist, bitch.
(Jason) Go ahead, Nina.
First of all,
people in Hollywood
that know me know what I do.
There are people on this set
that are in the studio
every episode
and we haven't heard
a single yet.
You're on this stage
because of me.
But, nonetheless,
as far as what I've done
in Hollywood, people know that.
(Brandi)
Jason, you wasn't talking
about me baby, was you?
Who you was talking about?
No, no, no, baby.
Let him talk first.
We all get a chance
to come here to the reunion
to get some redemption.
(Hazel)
Bitch-ass (bleep)
don't get redemption
that's throwing drinks
on females.
Hold on,
hey listen--
He don't get no mother
(bleep) redemption, bitch.
(Ray J)
If a homie want to say,
I'm sorry, let him
say I'm sorry, man.
If he ain't trying to say
I'm sorry, then turn up.
(Jason)
Thank you, Ray.
Let him say something, man.
Thank you.
(Hazel-e)
Okay, Ray.
I came to the reunion
specifically to apologize
to Hazel.
It doesn't mean that
I have to like her,
but the way that
I embarrassed myself
in front of America
was not appropriate.
So for that,
I am genuinely apologetic.
Hazel, do you accept
that apology?
No.
He threw the drink and said,
"Eat that, bitch."
Then went on the day
that the episode aired
around with
a "Eat That, Bitch" T-shirt.
So therefore how do you
apologize when you're trying
to go ahead and monopolize--
You're saying
he's profiting?
Yeah, off of
throwing the drink.
That's a fair question, she's
saying, how can you be sorry
when you're profiting off
of her pain?
Absolutely.
What America didn't see,
Hazel tried to shame me
for being gay.
She said,
"You're gay, you're fat,
you're sleeping with
this person who's not out."
At that moment,
what Hazel didn't know...
Keep it 100.
...was that I hadn't even had
the conversation
with my family yet,
so when that happened--
Well, you shouldn't have
came your fat ass on the there
trying to come for me,
mother(bleep).
Hold on.
And I could-- and I could go
back and forth
and say you belong
on a box of Froot Loops.
Why-- why did Jason
come for you?
Is there a history
between the two of you?
Why-- why did it
get to this level?
There was no history.
He needed--
I was confused.
He needed a reason to be
on the show, so therefore,
come for, you know what I'm
saying, the queen, and he did.
And he got his little--
I love her.
And he got his little
five minutes off of it.
I'm upset because
she tried to use it
as an opportunity
to shame me.
You started shaming me!
No, no, no.
But Hazel's right, wait.
Why did you feel the need to get
revenge on Jason for Hazel?
To be honest
with you, Nina,
I'm such a strong
believer in women
that that just
disgusted me seeing that,
and it frustrated me.
Rather, I (bleep)
with Hazel,
but it could have been
any damn body.
That (bleep) was like,
don't do that.
I immediately felt bad
about that situation,
but it was, you know--
And we talked on the phone
and we smashed that issue.
We did.
(Nina)
Okay, now, Hazel,
let me ask you this.
He has apologized about it.
Does it bother you
that he's a blogger?
Can you respect
that part of it?
It was on-- it was just the fact
that a man attacked me.
Like, I'm sitting there,
we're having a conversation,
you are saying tons
of negative stuff to me,
like, somebody, like, that
I really don't know like that.
Like, yeah, we know of each
other, we're all in Hollywood,
but damn,
like, when, like,
when was throwing drinks
on women cool?
Like, it was Ciroc,
it burned my eyes.
(Ray J)
But he apologized.
I don't give a damn, Ray.
Like, (bleep),
relax, like,
you can't make me
want to forget--
(Ray J)
But if somebody can't learn
from they mistake?
I wasn't here for the apology
today, I already said that.
The only reason the apology
came is 'cause he can't
take the heat.
Did Jesus forgive?
Am I Jesus and are you?
No, so shut up.
(Nina)
All right, all right, moving on,
it's break time,
but when the reunion returns,
Nas and Nia's battle for
Soulja Boy's heart continues.
(cheering and applause)
What happened
to you, honey?
At the end of the day, it's
about the mother(bleep) money.
Whose ass did you beat?
(all shouting)
(cheering and applause)
(Nina)
Welcome to part two of "Love &
Hip Hop Hollywood The Reunion."
Teairra and Nikki's fashion show
plans were on the right track
until T.T.'s recovery
took longer than expected
and Hazel and Princess
came in to pick up the slack.
When Teairra returned,
what ensued was far
from model behavior.
Let's watch.
(Teairra)
Miss Nikki Baby and I have
joined forces to put together
a fashion show to show off
my blazer line
and her lingerie collection.
Oh, my God, T.T.
You look like you're really
struggling today, girl.
I am.
Oh, I feel so bad.
(Hazel)
I gotta admit.
I got some major
alarm bells going off.
Teairra is looking
totally beat up
and these girls
have no clue
what they're doing with this
fashion show right now.
I've been meeting
with Princess,
and she's ready to launch
her swimwear line.
If we link up,
we're stronger as a force.
Hey, T.T.
I wanted to do
my stuff fit-to-size,
so I just brought
my patterns.
Wait, T., but when are
these gonna be done, bitch?
'Cause the fashion show,
we have, like, less than a week.
Yeah, they're gonna be done.
Just so you know,
'cause you know I was
doing this event with Princess.
Why would you guys
even want this energy
at your fashion show?
You disrespect everybody.
It can't be all of us.
It has to be you.
(Bleep) you.
I hope you mother(bleep)
die tomorrow.
(Bleep) that ho, I don't give
a (bleep) about that bitch.
Rest in peace,
Teairra Mari.
(Hazel)
Just when I thought everything
was finally running smoothly,
I get a text
from Teairra's ass.
She says she was
on her way to get even
for what happened
at the fitting.
I don't want to do it
no more and--
We got all these people
coming here to support you
and you just go--
Quit?
(woman)
So, Miss Princess Love,
let's bring out
the first pieces.
Oh, wait a minute.
Somebody's crashing the runway.
What's going on here, people?
Oh, we up in this bitch!
(Nina)
Okay, all right.
So, Nikki,
let me talk to you.
The fashion show started out as
an idea between you and Teairra.
Do you think it was
a little irresponsible for her
to schedule her surgery
so close to the show?
The timing might
have not been right,
but I can't knock her
for doing something
that she really wanted to do,
you know what I'm saying?
And on top of that,
you know,
I always knew that I work
best under pressure, baby.
All right, Princess,
let's talk to you for a second.
At the fitting, you kind of
did a confrontation.
Did you feel that that was
a little out of place
considering it was
really her event?
Hazel initially
came to me.
I didn't know that
Teairra even had a line.
I thought she was
a singer, so...
I am a singer.
Yeah, so I didn't know
what was going on.
Okay.
Let me ask you, Nikki.
What did you think when
you saw Teairra walk in
and she had
the unfinished blazers?
How did that make you feel?
Honestly, when T.T.
walked in, I--
I didn't think
she was fully prepared,
but my biggest picture was,
like, I wasn't her enemy.
I didn't go into
this against her.
I was like,
we did this together.
I know she felt a certain way
'cause Princess was doing it,
but I was like,
you know,
if Princess can put that
(bleep) under the rug,
you should
be able to, too.
You know, I told her,
I was like,
"You know, let's put
our differences aside
and let's make this money."
And at the end of the day,
we can all work together
as awesome women (bleep).
I just wanted some
notification, that's all.
Milan, what did you think
when you saw Teairra's models
crashing the show?
Actually, my initial
reaction was to be upset
and react that way,
but we were in front of,
like, the shade--
It was so many blogs
and just so many outlets there,
I couldn't express that.
(Nina)
Okay, so, Hazel,
why did you decide to quit
the fashion show there?
(Teairra)
Yeah, what happened
to you, honey?
'Cause you wasn't
there when I was.
Well, because I knew you was
coming in to act the damn fool.
I didn't act
the fool though, boo.
You stormed
the runway, honey.
I had your back
though, Hazel.
I had your back.
You came in there--
(Teairra)
But why did you leave?
But because--
because I felt like
I didn't want no drama,
no B.S., like,
I'm not with the (bleep).
I'm about the coin.
So for the event
to just all fall down
while I was there,
I just-- I wasn't with
the (bleep) that day.
(Nina)
But you guys are good now?
Yeah.
And I'm sorry for saying
I wish you would die,
'cause I don't wish
you would die.
If you died,
then I'll die.
(audience sighs)
(Nina)
All right, this season,
Nia waged a war
for Soulja's affection
when her ex-best friend Nas
infiltrated their relationship.
Both sides dropped bombs,
but neither of Soulja's soldiers
were willing to stand down.
(all laughing)
Everywhere we go,
there's women at the shows,
there's women
on your Instagram.
You ain't got no side pieces?
Nia is my main girl,
but it's just like, bro,
when I'm on the road,
I'm on the road.
Nia knows there's
other girls out there,
but that's just
road treats, though.
What's the tea?
I went out with Teairra
the other day.
We have a meeting
with this girl,
and she's telling us,
"Oh, you know, I mess
around with Soulja."
You know her name?
Some girl,
her name is Nas.
Oh, my God.
This bitch.
I had a relationship
with Dre.
So you thought
he took you seriously.
That's what it was.
Did I think or,
no, did I know?
'Cause I was living
with him, sweetheart.
Right now, we're together,
so, baby, let it go.
You're not (bleep)
worth it, bitch.
You're a piece of (bleep) scum
underneath my toes.
I'm scum?
Bitch!
(Bleep), bitch!
So Nia knows
that you said
that you wanted to be with me
and our love is never gonna end?
Nia knows all of that?
Why you sitting
over here, then?
I don't have to be with
neither one of y'all.
I got a million (bleep)
on my (bleep).
You have so many bitches,
but you still hitting my phone.
You a lie.
You think I don't know where
that (bleep) been, bitch, bye.
You sit your fat ass
right there,
shut the (bleep) up.
I'm fat, bitch?!
You're (bleep) up, bitch!
(Bleep), bitch.
(cheering and applause)
Joining me on stage,
please welcome Soulja Boy...
(cheering and applause)
...Nia...
...and Nas.
(cheering and applause)
All right,
Nia, now, Soulja implies
that you guys have
an open relationship.
Absolutely not.
That's not how
you see things?
No, ma'am. No.
Okay.
Hell no.
(Nina)
Soulja, do you think you guys
are in an open relationship?
No.
I ain't here for the games,
man, you know what I'm saying?
(Nina)
Okay, so on the show,
you said,
"Nia knows the deal,"
you've mentioned road treats,
that sounds like
an open relationship.
That ain't no open relationship.
What is it?
That's me being on the road and
I got fans and I got groupies.
I'm a rap star,
what you want me to do?
Do you sleep with them?
No.
(laughing)
(Nina)
Let's be clear.
You want me to sit up here
and lie to you?
I don't want you to lie, but--
I love Nia, you know
what I'm saying?
At the end of the day,
I love Nia.
Now, I know that you told Nas...
Today.
...that you wanted
to cut things off.
When was the last time
you were with Soulja Boy,
when you guys hooked up?
It was a couple months ago.
Like two months ago, maybe.
(Nina)
Nia, were you aware of that?
Man, (bleep) all that.
Who cares?
(laughing)
Who gives a (bleep)?
(Nina)
A lot of people care.
Nobody give a (bleep).
So what?
She got (bleep)
two months ago, so what?
You not my girl, Nia my girl.
(Bleep) outta here.
I don't want you!
You think I give a (bleep)?
I don't want you either,
my (bleep)!
The reason-- the reason--
the reason--
What did you have to ask me?
So did you not--
So did you not tell me,
if I didn't end it with you,
Nia wouldn't be on the show,
I would be on the show.
Man, I'm getting money.
You didn't say that?
(Bleep) all that.
(Bleep) all--
What you talking about?
It's about that money.
Did you say that,
did you say that?
It's about
the mother(bleep) money!
Throw it,
throw it.
I get mother(bleep) money?
You see this right here?
Y'all see what
the (bleep) this is?
At the end of the day, it's
about the mother(bleep) money.
Don't nothing move
but the mother(bleep) money.
What the (bleep)
is she talking about?
(Nina)
You got money, we know.
I don't give a (bleep).
(Bleep) that.
(Bleep) all that.
(Nina)
Okay, let me ask a question.
Get money!
If you ain't getting money,
you ain't doing (bleep)!
Get money!
All right.
Give a (bleep)!
He's claiming you, he's saying
he's in love with you.
She knows she loves--
She know I love her.
(Nina)
I'm gonna finish my statement.
You finish, Nina, finish, Nina,
but this (bleep), this (bleep)--
I'm not here for the games.
After I beat her ass
on national television,
you texted my phone
and told me you loved me.
Whose ass did you beat, bitch?
'Cause you know
you didn't do (bleep).
Who the (bleep)
pays attention to her?
You're a joke.
(cheering and applause)
Get off me!
You were going
to propose today?
You ain't (bleep).
Whose ass did you beat, bitch?
'Cause you know
you ain't do (bleep).
Who the (bleep)
pays attention to her?
You're a joke.
(cheering and applause)
Get off me!
Get off me, bitch!
This (bleep) out of hand.
Yo, (bleep) that
(bleep) thirsty ass thot.
I'll beat her ass.
(all shouting)
Yo, I'm gonna (bleep)
the bitch up.
See how security's
saving her?
(man)
Everyone, please,
please, sit down.
We need everyone
to calm down, please.
(cheering and applause)
All right, things got crazy,
there's holes in the floor,
so people had to be removed,
Nia and Nas are no longer
on the stage,
but we are gonna
keep it moving.
Soulja, you're still here,
so I'm gonna talk with you.
Mm-hmm.
Now, let's change gears a little
bit, but before we do that,
just to clarify,
although it seems like
you've made that clear,
Nia is your lady, you're happy.
Period.
End of story.
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay, I'll respect that.
Period.
Side hoes always
gonna be side hoes.
(Nina)
All right, so let's talk,
let's change gears,
because you mentioned
on the show
that you were
worth $25 million.
And on social media,
a lot of people had
something to say about that.
They were saying
that it wasn't true.
What do you have
to say about that?
Why-- Go check it, Google it.
The (bleep)?
Go look it up.
What the (bleep)
I gotta lie about?
I'm gonna sit on public
mother(bleep) national TV
and say some (bleep)
that ain't true?
Google the (bleep),
I'm worth 25 million.
But I'm not the type of --
that go around boasting it.
I had a few--
(laughter)
(Nina)
I don't know--
I don't know about that part.
Now, social media
also noticed
that your tattoos are
going away on your face.
Are you getting those removed?
Yeah, face--
You know what I'm saying,
I gotta switch the moves up.
People say I'm a thug,
I'm all this (bleep).
So you getting some...
Yeah, it's laser--
laser surgery,
you know what I'm saying?
It is what it is.
I made-- I made mistakes
when I was younger,
you know what I'm saying?
(Nina) I thought it was makeup,
it looks great.
Thank you,
you know what I'm saying?
Laser surgery, I gotta
go back two more times
to get them
all the way gone.
All right, let me-- let me talk
to you a little bit, Nikki,
because I know you had
your own inform--
your own kind of
beef with Nas.
When you confronted her,
it was a very
strange situation
because you called her
a side chick,
you guys kinda
got into it and then...
Something I've never really
seen before in a confrontation.
She threw up?
Take a look.
Get out of my face, baby.
No.
Now we really about
to have a problem.
You want to touch me
one more time?
Bitch!
Did you just throw up?
Girl, bye.
That was really cute.
She nasty, she threw up
on you, Nikki.
She is nasty as (bleep).
Like, bitch,
you a (bleep) side ho.
If he with this girl,
if he want to be with you,
he would drop her, right?
I mean,
everybody agrees to that?
Yes.
But he didn't.
Obviously something not
adding up on your end.
I don't care if you was
the girlfriend two years ago,
one year ago, this (bleep)
morning, but guess what?
He's still with her.
(Nina) I know that--
So guess what?
Move the (bleep) on.
(Soulja Boy) Exactly.
You know what I'm saying?
Let me ask you a question.
With both Nas and Nia,
some very nasty things
were said to them by you.
Do you feel like you owe
either one of them an apology?
Come on, man, I apologize
to my girl a million times,
you know what I'm saying?
All right, we gotta take
a break, but coming up,
we find out the status of
Miles and Milan's relationship.
When "Love & Hip Hop Hollywood
The Reunion" returns.
(cheering and applause)
Milan is desperate
for attention.
Whore, whore.
You ain't (bleep).
Are you retired now
from the dancing?
(cheering and applause)
Welcome back to "Love & Hip Hop
Hollywood The Reunion."
No one in Hollywood's
emotional journey
has more plot twists
than Amber's.
She started with high hopes
of rekindling
a romantic relationship
with Miles,
but after he revealed
his secret love for Milan,
things between the high school
sweethearts turned sour.
Watch.
I've been having issues
with my sexual identity,
um, and my feelings
towards the same sex.
Everybody was right,
everybody was right!
Everybody was right!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Uh-uh, if this is a game,
then you guys can have--
(crying)
Come here, baby.
No!
Don't do it like that.
What he feels for you is real
and he loves you for real.
But I'm mad 'cause--
and he didn't tell me nothing
And then to me, it's like, don't
string me along this whole time.
Why involve me?
(Milan)
Every time I've asked
Miles about you,
it's, "Oh, that's
my best friend."
And I'm like, "Well,
you need to tell her."
Good.
I've been telling Miles from day
one, "I want to talk to Amber."
He tells me that
he's been trying to, like,
distance himself from you,
you won't let go.
I don't know if you know
that me and Miles
have been in a relationship
for, like, two years.
And we have
matching tattoos.
You know, he moved
into my house.
Oh.
I'm just so sorry, like,
I wish I didn't even have--
I wish we wasn't
going through this.
I wish I didn't
have these feelings.
I swear to God, like...
And I hear you.
I just want you to put all
the hurt that you did to me
and everything
that I did to you
in the past,
like, behind us.
Right.
Now, I'm gonna move on
and, you know, it's okay.
So we'll just
go from there.
(cheering and applause)
Now, Miles, you have said that
you guys did have a family, so--
And Amber considered you
to be a father to her daughter.
Do you still consider
yourself Zoey's father?
Absolutely,
absolutely.
That's my baby,
and she's a kid, she does--
she's not even really
tripping off of it.
She's like, I love you.
I love you.
Let's go to the movies.
Still Snapchat, all that, yeah.
And you guys still consider
yourself a family.
Absolutely.
Well, a "framily."
Okay, a "framily."
A framily?
Like, for real?
Amber, where do you and Miles
stand right now, though?
Right now, we're friends.
You're friends.
Yeah, we're friends.
But what about Milan?
Can we see where Milan stands?
'Cause he still has a story--
he still has a part
in the story, too.
Milan, where do you
and Miles stand right now?
Well, it's really touching
to sit here and, you know,
hear this story
about a person
who is struggling
between, you know,
the person that
he's in love with,
which is allegedly
supposed to be me.
Um, and then--
Ooh.
And then the person who
he used to be in love with,
which was supposed
to be you.
Um, and to
sit and watch,
you know,
it all play out
and, um, knowing that
I came on this show
with all intentions to, um,
ask him to marry me today.
(Nina) Oh, wow.
(audience ohhing)
But...
So you have a ring?
You were gonna propose today?
Yeah, I was gonna propose today,
but the whole time, Miles,
you've been cheating on me
with a whole 'nother person.
(audience oohing)
(Nina) Wait a minute.
So...
it's another dude.
There's another man involved?
Absolutely not.
But you going around here
cheating on the person
you're supposed to be in love
with, the person you broke--
You came and told your family,
you came and told your sister,
you came and told your ex.
All of that (bleep) is
bull(bleep), you're a fraud.
No, he's not, no he's not!
You a fraud-ass (bleep).
Shut your ass up.
And that's what you is.
(Miles)
First of all, hold on,
hold on, hold on, hold on.
(Milan)
And that's all I got to say.
What-- Look, look.
What we're-- what I'm not--
what I'm not gonna do--
I'm just gonna let you--
We have stuck to
our story, okay.
I'm gonna let you talk,
and I'm gonna let you know,
that you ain't (bleep).
(audience oohing)
There go the ring. Church.
Bye-bye.
Church.
(Nina) Can you respond
to his allegation?
That's totally false.
I love Milan.
And if he feels like--
(Nina) So can you talk about--
Are you and Milan
completely done?
I'm done, I'm done.
All right.
Milan has just
left the stage.
We'll be right back with "Love &
Hip Hop Hollywood The Reunion."
(cheering and applause)
(sobbing)
You a (bleep) cheater.
You're mad.
No, you're mad.
You upset.
I am mad, because
I gave you everything.
Milan is desperate
for attention.
Whore, whore!
I put my shoes up,
but you never know.
You're a ho!
(audience oohing)
(cheering and applause)
(Nina)
Welcome back to "Love & Hip Hop
Hollywood The Reunion."
Milan has joined us
back on the stage.
And, Milan,
I know things got heated,
but I do want to talk to you
for a little bit.
Um, I know that emotions
are high right now.
Do you feel like you're
the forgotten person
in Miles' coming out story?
How could I be
the forgotten person?
I didn't come out, so that
was Miles' coming out story.
So I have nothing
to do with that.
I-- I think him coming out,
um, is important for
the demographic that
watches this show.
Milan, let me know,
what did it feel like for you
to be the first African-American
gay man featured on the show?
Um, I thought it was good.
I thought it was pioneering.
Just like I thought the story
of a male coming out
on television was
groundbreaking.
Because being gay
is the worst thing
that you could possibly be
in our community.
There was times
when I was growing up
that I wanted to kill myself
because I had nowhere to turn.
Everywhere I went,
they turned their back on me,
so I had no one
to look up to.
I had to find
the strength in myself
and become the person
who I am today.
(applause)
Now, out of
all your endeavors,
what are you
most proud of?
That I'm still here.
You have to be
a very strong person
to deal with this situation.
It's so heartbreaking
to be able to sit here
and be successful
because there's
so many people that are not.
There's so many homeless gay
people on the streets right now
because they have
nowhere to go.
This is not--
This community, we need
to do better for each other.
We're supposed to
love each other.
All lives matter.
Gay lives matter.
(applause)
(Nina)
Now, Milan, at the start
of the season,
how did you envision
your future with Miles?
(Milan)
You know, um,
I've been telling Hazel for
the last two and a half years,
you know, that Miles
is the person
I want to spend the rest
of my life with, you know?
A person I want to
build my future with.
You know, I fell in love
with a person
who showed me
that he was one way
and I was willing
to follow that
and do everything and
anything to protect that.
Okay.
You know, but that was
my mistake as a human being
because you can't help
who you fall in love with.
Okay.
I loved him unconditionally.
I was there when nobody else
was there, I played my part.
I disrespected myself
by allowing myself
to be in a relationship
with somebody for two
and a half years
that never even claimed me.
So there's no future
for a person
who continues to lie
and think it's okay.
He hurt me, he hurt her,
he hurt everybody around us,
because he's selfish.
I don't deserve that,
and nobody does.
(applause)
Milan is desperate
for attention.
Whore, whore.
No, you're desperate
for attention...
Go ahead.
...with your pity party ass
and this bull(bleep).
Go ahead.
You've portrayed all these
mother(bleep) like you're
this innocent person.
You a (bleep) cheater.
You're mad.
No, you're mad.
You're upset.
I am mad because
I gave you everything.
(Nina)
Let's ask some real questions,
because you came here today and
you came to propose to Miles.
No, no, no, no.
(Bleep) no.
I didn't come today
to propose to him.
That's another lie.
That's what I anticipated.
That's what you envisioned,
to propose to him.
Milan been mad.
You're a ho!
What are you talking about?
You're just jealous!
Like, I'm just--
Jealous of you for what?
You don't even
have a song on iTunes.
Why would I
be jealous of you?
(audience oohing)
Google me.
All right, all right,
moving on.
And Google Sir Brock.
Talking about a ho.
(Nina) Calm down.
You ain't got a Wikipedia page.
(Nina)
All right, y'all.
Willie and Shanda moved to L.A.
with a suitcase full of dreams,
a mailbox full of bills
and a bank account
full of nothing at all.
With Willie's
stalled solo career
not bringing in much cash,
his wife offered to return
to her stripper past.
Take a look.
(Shanda)
Willie and I moved to L.A.
We figured we can live off of
our savings for six months.
(Willie)
The truth of the matter
is this--
If my solo career
doesn't succeed,
then it's gonna be
a lot of people suffering.
(Shanda)
See these bills?
Making me nervous.
Why you nervous?
Because they're not paid.
I'm making money, Shanda,
but right now, I'm telling you.
Where is it?
Because I can go out and I can
actually make money every day.
However, you're not
going back to doing that.
Back in Chicago,
I was an exotic dancer,
but after having the kids,
Willie didn't want me
doing it anymore.
(Willie)
Screw and I go way back,
so he knows a little bit
about my current record deal.
I got locked into a contract.
The problem is,
the money's dried up,
my album's been put on ice,
and I'm starting to panic.
I just want to find out
what was the options of me
coming-- even over this way?
In order for me
to do anything for you,
you gotta get yourself
up out of that situation.
Is it possible
to give me a release?
That's a pretty tough thing
for you to hit us
with right now.
Did you ever get out
of the contract?
You're talking about with Harry?
Yeah.
Yeah, we good.
It's done, he--
you know, you out.
We're done, we good.
Yo, your boo is tripping.
What's wrong with him?
He's just pissed off
'cause he can't get out
that Harry contract.
(Shanda)
Damn, what the hell?
Willie looked me in my eyes
and lied to me?
Now, that (bleep) hurt.
I'm gonna do
what I know how to do.
Ain't that my boy
Willie's wife?
She's been doing part-time.
She just started.
Yo, stop playing.
Are you ready
to kill it or what?
Be prepared
to be entertained.
Shanda entertains me enough
on the stage, okay?
What happened?
I know, she was up there,
I was like, is that Shanda?
I'm like, "Oh, I can't
even look at that."
Where?
You know, Shanda been dancing
for us in one of my clubs.
Oh, (bleep).
You lied to me.
Okay, I was working on it.
However, I didn't ask you
for no damn help.
So why would
you go dance?
Did you discuss with me that you
didn't get out of that contract
when I (bleep) asked you?
The fact that you think that
it's okay for you to go dance
after I told you that
you shouldn't go do it.
I don't give a (bleep).
What? What? What?
And you didn't even let me know.
So I'm finding out now.
So-- so-- so we can be
in a (bleep) up situation?
So I'm finding out now.
I'm never gonna allow that
to happen.
Okay, well, go do that
(bleep) by yourself, then.
What the (bleep) that
supposed to mean?
Get the (bleep) out
and do it yourself.
Willie, I'm not finna do it
right now with your dumb butt.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
(cheering and applause)
Please welcome Willie
and Shanda to the stage.
(cheering and applause)
All right, so, Willie,
if you guys
weren't in the best
financial situation,
if things were a little rocky,
why move to L.A.?
Why not wait and build
a bit of a savings first?
Well, you know, first off,
I mean, let me clear it up for
you and the rest of the world.
I've never been broke.
(Nina) Okay.
Ever.
So to clear it up,
you weren't broke,
but you were anticipating
the future.
You were afraid of
draining your savings.
Exactly.
I just wanted to be comfortable.
(Willie) Yeah.
So it wasn't no
payday loan situation.
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
Hell no.
Hell nah.
All right, so, Shanda,
it seems like you had a really
hard time trusting Willie.
Why is it that you couldn't just
take his word for it and wait?
You know what? It's not
that I couldn't trust him,
'cause I know that he will
deliver, I just panicked.
That's all.
You know, we moved from Chicago
and we were miles away
from my family,
so I didn't have a comfort,
so I just pre--
you know,
I panicked, period.
Now, how did you feel,
Willie, finding out
the way that you did,
that she went back to dancing?
That was horrible,
that's the worst way
you ever want to find out.
My bad.
To being, you know, in your vibe
and thinking that you finna
just have a regular conversation
and then hear something
that you definitely should have
been the first person to know,
not know, of course, it was--
It was devastating, but at
the end of the day, you know,
that's my baby,
and she gonna make mistakes,
I'm gonna make mistakes.
And we just gotta figure it out,
you know what I mean?
(audience awwing)
(Nina)
I have a question for you Ray J.
Would you still respond--
would you respond the same way
Willie did if you saw
Princess dancing?
(laughter)
Listen, everybody got their own
situations that they go through.
You know what I'm saying?
But I have got myself
in the hole,
but at the time
when I was in the hole,
I had to dig
myself out myself.
I didn't have a girl
and a family, but I don't know.
You never know what we gotta do,
like, bills is for real.
That's true.
Like, you could
make $10 million,
if you got bills
that flips that budget,
you can go broke in,
like, a week.
As long as they together now
and they got through
the ups and downs,
that's all that really matter.
'Cause it's gonna be
ups and downs,
so if you get through
the rough times over and over,
then you know that
that's the one for you.
'Cause most times, people can't
survive through the rough times.
(applause)
(Nina)
All right, Brother Ray J.
Let you preach a little bit.
Acting like the mayor today,
all right.
Well...
(Nina)
All right, now, Fizz,
let me ask you,
What were your thoughts
when you saw Shanda dancing?
I was like, oh, (bleep).
(laughter)
(Nina)
You were a little embarrassed?
Were you embarrassed?
Embarrassed to--
Oh, when I said something?
You didn't want--
'Cause you said
you didn't want to look.
No, yeah, I didn't want to look.
(laughter)
So tell me now, what is
going on with your music?
Well, my album's gonna drop
first quarter next year.
Okay.
And the album is amazing,
so I'm just looking forward
to everybody in here
listening to it.
(Shanda) Off the chain.
And knowing exactly what it is.
(cheering and applause)
(Nina)
Well, we know you can sing,
we know that, so we know that.
So, Shanda, let me ask you,
I know you cleared it up
a little bit,
but are you retired now
from the dancing?
I put my shoes up,
but you never know.
Nah, yeah, she retired.
You never know.
Yeah, she retired.
All right, we gotta take
a break, but coming up,
we're reliving all of
the moments we'll never forget
and some we wish we could.
"Love & Hip Hop Hollywood The
Reunion" is coming right back.
(cheering and applause)
Don't let fame change you.
I did want to let everyone
know that I do have a new...
(all oohing)
(cheering and applause)
Welcome back to part two
of "Love & Hip Hop Hollywood
The Reunion."
Now, we've rounded up
the most memorable moments
from the season
and I have to say,
it makes a pretty good case
for the West Coast
being the best coast.
Take a look.
(cheering and applause)
You got grills?
Let me see.
'Cause I'm a thug.
No, you not.
You are a very
hardworking man.
Sometimes I have a weird way
of showing my appreciation.
Wait, is this my wife?
Look how that thing sitting up
on that diamond-- Oh, my God.
Rubies.
Rubis!
Can I just call you 40?
Since--
Absolutely.
For round off.
Knock yourself out.
And we might as well
call her 30.
So you're technically 50.
What?
I love you.
Love you more.
So that means
you're gonna be calling me
to show me how much
you love me more.
Right? Right?
Right?
Come on.
Let's get it.
Appreciate you.
Yeah! Wait, let me get in that.
No, no, you don't get in that.
I'm adding plaques to the wall.
I want the shoots,
the print ad,
the monsters,
Times Square.
Look, Nick, tell Blue
I'm new on the roster.
Oh, my God, she's still going.
(Nina)
Ray, what's up with Brandi?
It feels like you guys
just kind of let her talk,
but I feel like
she gets tuned out a lot.
Yeah, that's my--
that's my little relative, man.
Like, on this show, you can
really see who she really is
and she's fun, like, a lot
of girls can relate to that.
Okay, all right.
I mean, some, I mean...
All right,
we have to wrap up,
but do any of you
have any final words?
Well, yeah, I did want
to let everyone know
that I do have a new love.
I don't know if I'm gonna
say a man, but, yeah,
I do have a new boo.
Okay.
Yeah.
(cheering and applause)
Fizz,
any final words for you?
I mean,
I appreciate everybody,
you know, sharing
their stories this season.
I know it takes a lot to get out
there in front of these cameras
and do what we doing,
thank you.
All right.
Thank you for people at home.
Rich, anything from you?
I agree with my man Fizz.
But you can catch me next week
on "Love & Hip Hop New York."
We right down there.
Get 'em! Get 'em!
(cheering and applause)
Miles.
Don't let fame change you.
(Nina)
All right, now.
Milan?
I just want everybody to be
them, be you, love yourself.
That's it.
Moniece?
Any final words?
I'll take that as a no.
Hope you're having
a good night.
All right, now,
it is time to yell "cut"
on "Love & Hip Hop
Hollywood The Reunion."
Thank you all so much
for joining me.
Don't forget to check out
the premiere of season six
of "Love & Hip Hop"
December 14th at 8:00 p.m.
And before we go,
we're gonna leave you
with an exclusive listen
of Milan's latest track,
"When I Go."
Enjoy.
I'm Nina Parker.
Good night.
Think you can do better
Knowing you don't
need me...
Gonna take all of this --
when I go